Add `GlobalThis` type (#511)
sindresorhus/type-fest: readme.md

### Miscellaneous

> - [`GlobalThis`](source/global-this.d.ts) - Type for `globalThis`. Extend to declare locally scoped global symbols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`GlobalThis`](source/global-this.d.ts) - Declare locally scoped properties on `globalThis`.
```

Author: Done

> - [`GlobalThis`](source/global-this.d.ts) - A supertype for custom subtypes of `globalThis`. Useful to declare global symbols that are targeted to a narrow scope without casting through `unknown`.

Reviewer: Would be great if the description could be a single sentence and a little bit more succinct. The more in-depth description can be in the docs for the type.
